game portal him sov dot ru
represents the best games of the week
his review
hello everyone my name is Julia begin
review of the last week
today talk about eternal values
the family is just one of these really not
all lucky to have relatives there
I hope that you have everything in this sense
just great unlike those who
possesses unlimited power and
riches meet continuation
incredibly beautiful adventures in the game
sea ​​lady 2 songs blue
whale
game review presents hematogen you
waiting for the continuation of the game
mistress and fantastic stories
two sisters and could not escape
woke up on the ocean and on the advice
old friend went to the soaring
in the sky the temple there needs to be restored
harmony and save the souls of children from
curses that had time to impose
pandora
four doors 4 seasons to explore and
search guardians who will help find
magical amulets
aqueduct spring island turtle fountain
the king of frogs and the ice comet
great music and unusual graphics
mini-games capture from the first minutes and
make a pleasant impression find
castle pandor defeat and evil and clear
a chain of children of light in this fabulous
the world is another important value without which
it's hard for me to leave it in life
Well, not in the sense of jokes, although a sense of humor
it is of course important too
mental acuity
next game your wit you
you can earn a lot of gold
treasure of montesuma 3
The game review is a shredder and stronger
welcome to the emperor's palace
Aztec you have to look into all
his doors and open the chests with
lots of jewels are waiting for you
puzzles of the genre three in a row on
passing each level is given only
a minute will require ingenuity and dexterity
you can increase the time level
using special
we and or totems for each new
level you get a magic star with
it can be used to buy and improve
bonuses in a special shop
opportunity to earn
extra stars in the game two levels
difficulty and additional levels with
puzzles are beautifully decorated with
interactive learning beautiful
graphics and elegant logic this game is like
precious stone must be in
your treasure box our list would be
incomplete if we didn't include it
the most important prices and this is of course love
love in all its manifestations thing
miraculous in this case will give it
tropical fruit
vegetables, animals and hungry guests
nearby hotels
Meet the game hobby farm game review
represent Kohl miner
Ivan with . once jill and john
went to rest on the tropical
the island is just not sitting and Jill on
place and she decided to purchase
tropical farm dig beds
grow exotic fruits and
collect shells do ice cream it
not the whole list of your future
duties with an assistant true not
very lucky john now and then avoids
work
and then there are annoying thieves who
strive to steal something juicy and
very bright graphics creates beautiful
feeling of the tropics and fun music
sets the pace of the game
the game itself is not original
but fans of the genre will surely hold
many hours taking care of the farm and
watching the funny plot maybe
computer games alone is not
so much and value but it seems to me
can only say those who never
plunged into the wonderful world of enjoyable
rest you precious my
and see you through her
sky scoops
with the game of life